Vale initial work (#4522)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: docusaurus/docs/Android/03-ui/04-message-components/01-message-list-screen.mdx

* [`MessageInputView`](04-message-input.mdx): Handles the message input, as well as attachments and message actions like editing and replying.

:::note

> Fragments and Activities representing self-contained screens are easy to use. They allow you to explore the SDKs features in a breeze, however, they offer limited customization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fragments and Activities representing self-contained screens are easy to use. They allow you to explore the features of our SDK in a breeze, however, they offer limited customization.
```
